Illuminance: add conditions (Labs feature) (#45681)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_conditions/illuminance.is_not_detected.markdown

{% include integrations/labs_entity_triggers_note.md %}

{% include conditions/ui_header.md %}

To use this condition in an automation:

1. Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %}.
2. Open an existing automation, or select **Create automation** > **Create new automation**.
3. In the **And if** section, select **Add condition**.
4. From the search box, search for and select **Light is not detected**.
5. Under **Targets** (see [Targets](#targets)), select one or more light sensors, devices, an area, a floor, or a label.
6. If you selected more than one target, under **Condition passes if**, pick **Any** or **All**.
7. Under **For at least**, you can set how long the sensors must remain dark before the condition passes.
8. Select **Save**.

### Options in the UI

{% options_ui %}
Condition passes if:
  description: When multiple light sensors are targeted, controls how results combine. Pick **Any** to pass if at least one targeted sensor is dark, or **All** to pass only when every sensor is dark.
For at least:

>   description: How long the sensor or sensors must remain dark before the condition passes. The default is `0` hours, `00` minutes and `00` seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: How long the sensor or sensors must remain dark before the condition passes. The default is `0` (passes immediately).
```
